# CSLOL
## Overview
CSLOL is a web application which serves for a **mocking** "non-school school" educational institution that specifically teaches computer science. Here, the "non-school school" means that on one hand, it provides high-quality computer science courses, either online or offline, and contains high-quality teaching resources that would take responsibility of designing couress and assignments, grading homework, making exams, etc. On the other hand, different from official schools, it has not requirement on students' previous educational background, and is open to people at all ages. It has less requirements than official schools, but provides as good education as official schools!

**And CSLOL serves as the course registration web application** for this mocking education institution. There is no educational background requirement users, and there is no entrance examinations. CSLOL contains very detailed information for all computer science courses provided by the institution, including course description, information of instructors, and reviews of each course made by other users. Users are able to browse all courses' information as a guest user, but are required to register an account using a valid email address before formally enroll in any course. 

After registration and filling out some basic personal information, users are able to enroll/swipe/drop any course they want. They are free to make their own study plan and course schedule, and are free to join in class whenever they want. They are also free to do reviews for any course they have taken or finished. Users are allowed to formally start their course, and would receive further instruction and pass to join the course after finishing the payment. All courses have same price. And users are asked to pay per course. 

**Note that all above -- the institution, course information, instructors' information, etc -- are all mocked.**
